Codec Server updates - EDU-828 (#2126)
temporalio/documentation: docs-src/cloud-context/namespaces-manage.md

- On the left side of the window, select **Namespaces**.

> To edit a Namespace (including custom Search Attributes, certificates, certificate filters, Codec Server endpoints, permissions, and users), find the Namespace and do either of the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To edit a Namespace (including custom Search Attributes, certificates, certificate filters, Codec Server endpoint, permissions, and users), find the Namespace and do either of the following:
```

- Add a [custom Search Attribute](/visibility#custom-search-attributes).
- [Manage CA certificates](/cloud/how-to-manage-certificates-in-temporal-cloud).
- [Manage certificate filters](/cloud/how-to-manage-certificates-in-temporal-cloud#manage-certificate-filters-using-temporal-cloud-ui).

> - Set [Codec Server endpoints](/production-readiness/develop#set-your-codec-server-endpoints-with-web-ui-and-cli) for all users on the Namespace. Note that all users on the Namespace have the option to override this setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Set [Codec Server endpoint](/production-readiness/develop#set-your-codec-server-endpoints-with-web-ui-and-cli) for all users on the Namespace. Note that each user has the option to override this setting.
```
